doc: Prepare 0.24.0 release (#710)
getsentry/sentry-go: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.24.0

The Sentry SDK team is happy to announce the immediate availability of Sentry Go SDK v0.24.0.

### Features

- Run single profiler even when profiling from multiple parallel goroutines ([#655](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-go/pull/655))

> - Use route paths as transaction names when using Gin integration ([#675](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-go/pull/675))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the route path as the transaction names when using the Gin integration ([#675](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-go/pull/675))
```
